[IMP] Expenses: Update approve expenses (#17508)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/expenses/approve_expenses.rst

================
Process expenses
================

Once expenses have been created and submitted, they must be processed by an authorized database
user. In Odoo, most users cannot process expenses; only users with the necessary :doc:`access rights
<../../general/users/access_rights>` or permissions can. This means that a user **must** have at
least *Team Approver* rights for the **Expenses** app. Employees with the necessary rights can
review expenses, approve or refuse them, and provide feedback with an integrated :ref:`Refuse

> Expense <expenses/refuse-report>` communication tool.

Reviewer: super minor and optional, but we can get a link using ref without text if what we want is the same as the actual heading title!

```suggestion
review expenses, approve or refuse them, and provide feedback with an integrated :ref:`expenses/refuse-report` communication tool.
```

<img width="927" height="433" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/87cc67de-27d8-4cc1-929e-438f588c18ca" />

Author: Ah!!! I see what you mean! The only reason I wouldn't do this is that it capitalizes the "R" and not the "E", it looks better without the capital letters for both (or none - but should be consistent) IMO. BUT this is amazing to know- I had NO idea!

================
Process expenses
================

Once expenses have been created and submitted, they must be processed by an authorized database
user. In Odoo, most users cannot process expenses; only users with the necessary :doc:`access rights
<../../general/users/access_rights>` or permissions can. This means that a user **must** have at
least *Team Approver* rights for the **Expenses** app. Employees with the necessary rights can
review expenses, approve or refuse them, and provide feedback with an integrated :ref:`Refuse
Expense <expenses/refuse-report>` communication tool.

Please refer to the :doc:`access rights documentation </applications/general/users>` to learn more

> about managing users and their access rights.

Reviewer 2: This may be out of scope of the PR but I suggest moving this doc reference somewhere into a :seealso: to keep this intro brief and focused. There's also another reference to the 'access rights' doc already only a few lines above. Just a suggestion though!

View expenses
=============

Users who are able to process expenses (typically managers) have an :guilabel:`Expenses to Process`
sub-menu navigation at the top of the **Expenses** app. This allows managers to view all expenses
they have access rights for. Navigate to :menuselection:`Expenses app --> My Expenses --> Expenses

> to Process`, to view the :guilabel:`Expenses to Process` dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users who are able to process expenses (typically managers) can view all expenses
they have access rights for in the :guilabel:`Expenses to Process` dashboard. To view the dashboard, navigate to :menuselection:`Expenses app --> My Expenses --> Expenses
to Process`.
```

Reviewer 2: Just a suggestion for brevity!

Author: I love it!

A list of all expenses with a status of :guilabel:`Submit` appears, while expenses with a status of
:guilabel:`Draft`, :guilabel:`Approved`, :guilabel:`Posted`, :guilabel:`In Payment`,
:guilabel:`Paid`, or :guilabel:`Refused` are hidden by default. To view expenses with a different

> status, click the corresponding :guilabel:`Status` button on the left-hand side.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
status, click the corresponding :guilabel:`Status` button in the side panel.
```

Reviewer 2: A suggestion for accessibility accommodations, as brought up previously in a discussion on international layout standards (e.g., right-to-left vs left-to-right).

Author: I remember we discussed that but I honestly wasn't sure what to do =D I forgot what was decided!

.. image:: approve_expenses/expenses-to-process-dash.png
   :alt: Expenses to validate are found on the Expenses to Process dashboard.

Approve expenses
================

Expenses can be approved in two ways: :ref:`individually <expenses/individual>` or :ref:`in bulk
<expenses/multiple>`.

.. important::
   Only reports with a status of :guilabel:`Submitted` can be approved.

.. _expenses/individual:

Approve individual expenses
---------------------------

To approve an individual expense, navigate to :menuselection:`Expenses app --> My Expenses -->
Expenses to Process`, and click on an individual expense to view the details.

From here, several options are presented: :guilabel:`Approve`, :guilabel:`Refuse`,
:guilabel:`Reset`, :guilabel:`Split Expense`, and :guilabel:`Attach Receipt`. Click

> :guilabel:`Approve` to approve the expense.

Reviewer 2: Just confirming here: these options only show up when an expense has been `submitted`, correct? 
Also, for some of these expenses, I'm also getting the :guilabel:`Post Journal Entries` and :guilabel:`Report in Next Payslip` options. Might be worth clarifying when these show up.

:guilabel:`Send` or :guilabel:`Log`, depending on the method of communication. The message is posted
in the chatter, and the tagged people are notified via email.

.. note::
   The only people that can be tagged in a message are *followers* of the specific expense. To see
   who is a follower, click the :icon:`fa-user-o` :guilabel:`(Show Followers)` icon to display the
   followers of the expense report. Additional followers can be added by clicking the
   :icon:`fa-user-o` :guilabel:`(Show Followers)` icon, then clicking :guilabel:`Add Followers`.

   .. image:: approve_expenses/chatter.png
      :alt: Send messages in the chatter.

To refuse an expense, click :guilabel:`Refuse`, and a *Refuse Expense* pop-up window loads. Enter a
brief explanation for the refusal in the :guilabel:`Reason` field, then click :guilabel:`Refuse`.

.. important::
   A reason **must** be entered in the :guilabel:`Reason` field, or the expense cannot be refused.

  .. image:: approve_expenses/refuse-expense.png
     :alt: Send messages in the chatter.

Once the expense is refused, the status changes to :guilabel:`Refused`, and the only buttons that

> appear are :guilabel:`Reset` and :guilabel:`Add Receipt`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the expense is refused, the status changes to :guilabel:`Refused`, and the only buttons that
appear are :guilabel:`Add Receipt` and :guilabel:`Reset`.
```

Reviewer 2: Just reordering to match the UI ordering.
